That means, if our mind, heart is good, then it is good activities.
If our heart is bad, then it is bad activities.
And what is that? Good is bad.
It is, our heart is with love, kindness, compassion.
Whatever activity we did, those are known as good activities.
Not just Buddhism, that every universe is brute.
And what you do with love and kindness and compassion is good to everyone.
Whether you speak the language, whether you don't speak the language,
whether you are a believer or a non-believer, it is universal.
Even animals will know the actions of our love and kindness and compassion.
That is really good. That is positive. That is virtuous.
And what is negative? And bad.
Negative is again from the mind, anger, hatred, hope, jealous, and clinging,
and disrespectful, all that, and actions of an era coming out.
Whether it is from the physically, whether it is actually coming from the mentally, it is bad.
It hurts someone. It will disturb the someone.
Don't mention about one's own self. It will disturb one's own self.
It becomes so dark, so frightful, so eyes, so cold, cold and that creating to the others.
Then during the level of that, how that comes, then it is busy and how much is happening.
Small level within the family members or the friends, it affects them immediately.
And there will be larger levels in all the others, larger levels in cities, in the countries.
That all start from this negative knowledge, negative heart.
So therefore, we always try to do with mindfulness, which is good, which is bad.
That is so. Therefore, mindfulness by action, mindfulness of thought, mindfulness of the speech,
vocal communication, it is really so good.
We should try to do that always. Our self, your self, as much as you're doing,
then you will become, or we will become the please peacemaker.
Truly, we become one of the very beautiful stars on the galaxy of the human world.
Truly, it will become. Right? So nice and beautiful.
And we will be happy. We will become one who will do that calm, peaceful and more,
instead of lifting, lifting to your heart, mind, particularly when you look back,
what you've ever to do, what you maintain.
You're standing clearly in a beautiful identity, beautiful college platform,
and looking back to what you did, you will be so happy.
You will think more great, more happy, or I will continue.
And by the blessings of the Buddha and the Bodhisattvas, all the enlightenings,
may I ever continue to do this. That is the one reason we do that.
That is the one we follow in the footsteps of all those great masters.
What is the Buddhism called? The warriors.
Those Bodhisattvas are named as warriors.
And the Buddhas are named as the warriors.
This warrior is not the warrior of the negative emotions.
They are the warriors of the love, compassion, and wisdom.
They defeated all this anger, anger, attachment, grasping, clinging.
They really defeated. Therefore, they are warriors.
They are called, highly appreciate it, and a novel, what's called a Wartort is a charity.
Wartort is a charity. You become the Wartort's once, a polymer.
That is what is. So therefore, not for letting go,
actively is, again in the Buddha teaching, is so, so special, so important.
It's not a mystery. It's not something that can't be like that you have to do.
It's simple things. It's just way of the lives, our lives, within that life.
And it's the everyday lives, everyday, whether day or night.
And we can't reflect with that. It's just so everyday, so nice.
Your friends, the family members, they will become so, so calm, peaceful,
bound within the love. And then what that, when you have that situation,
what do you call it? Heaven is in a sweet home.
Truly, that is a sweet home of Heaven. You start Heaven right now.
Not just a wedding, something in the future, kind of an opening, right now.
That is Heaven. That's the realm that really started.
So therefore, this reflecting of the God action is very important.
Live, don't essay. That is really mindfulness. Principal is mindfulness.